Abstraction is how we separate the interface of a class from its implementation.
Sometimes, we say that we abstract the way
the implementation details so that the user doesn't have to worry about them.
So you can see we have a date class here and we have declared
this function string which converts the date to a string.
If we scroll down here, we have the definition of the string function,
it's empty right now.
There are a lot of different ways that we could implement the string function.
One way might be to have a vector of strings which represents the months because the test
we want to pass ultimately is that if we create a date 29th of August,
1981, we want the string output of that to be August 29th, 1981.
So we could get August here by creating
a vector of months and indexing the correct month,
we could have a case statement based on the month or switch statement based on the month,
we could have a bunch of if else conditionals.
There are lots of different ways to do this.
The point is, we don't want the user to have to worry about how we do this,
we just want the user to be able to call this function and get the appropriate string.
If we decide later to change how we do this,
the user doesn't have to worry about that at all.
That's the definition of abstraction.